**
**How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?**

Encapsulating code is the best way to write repeatable, readable, and adaptable code. I say this because encapsulating the code allows it to be implemented elsewhere and easily integrated with other projects. Concerning this assignment, you could reuse the data element by taking the data step and separating it from the dashboard. Furthermore, you can avoid over-specifying the code by using a standard dictionary input and sticking with the standard formats. As a last note, it seems a lot of developers believe that they should write readable code (i.e., code that is transparent and requires no comments); while I strive to write code that is both readable and clear, I also believe it is essential to annotate ways in which the base code can be improved and enhanced, i.e., suggestions for future contributors. It is easier to contribute in the future by working in a modular framework and by building packages, which I like. I also find the crud module to be quite interesting. Even though I am not sure I will always be able to configure it, it really could come in handy whenever I am working with MongoDB since it gives me the ability to exfiltrate data. 

**How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

My approach to problem-solving is piecemeal as a computer science student. I start by thinking about the tools I need to get the job done. You should document a list of the tools you will need to solve a problem and then build until you reach completion. You should also take requirements one by one. My approach to this assignment was to handle each requirement sequentially and then enhance them as I got the functionality I wanted. With Jupyter notebooks, you can implement testing along the way by splitting your code frame. It was common for me to rerun statements to ensure that I would get the results I wanted. As the assignment neared its end, my virtual lab acted weird. I would not have had the time to review and clean it up otherwise.

**What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

A computer scientist builds software, widgets, and tools for computers. The process, interpret, and similarly present data to a full stack developer. In many ways, they specialize in systems, such as database administrators and system administrators. It consists of configuring and enabling systems to interact—additionally, some programs. App developers, programmers, testers, and other software developers are responsible for building applications. I believe data scientists perform similar tasks. It will be helpful for Graziano to have a dashboard where they can research and locate service animals. An underlying data connection is a low-maintenance tool with a few useful features. The product is also interactive and modular because Dash was used to develop it, allowing users to adjust it as they see fit. Dash was an excellent tool for this project and one I want to take to work. I want to show off its capabilities and develop flexible tools for the team. Clients who come to a programmer and ask for a report with static requirements are probably being replaced by more rapid prototyping and development. That is why for the most part, data scientists are not programmers but typically people with graduate-level stem education.
